New behavior changes: `state_modified_compare_more_unrendered` and `skip_nodes_if_on_run_start_fails ` (#6204)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes.md

| skip_nodes_if_on_run_start_fails                                | 2024.10          | TBD*                | 1.9.0           | TBD*              |
| state_modified_compare_more_unrendered                          | 2024.10          | TBD*                | 1.9.0           | TBD*              |

When the dbt Cloud Maturity is "TBD," it means we have not yet determined the exact date when these flags' default values will change. Affected users will see deprecation warnings in the meantime, and they will receive emails providing advance warning ahead of the maturity date. In the meantime, if you are seeing a deprecation warning, you can either:
- Migrate your project to support the new behavior, and then set the flag to `True` to stop seeing the warnings.
- Set the flag to `False`. You will continue to see warnings, and you will retain the legacy behavior even after the maturity date (when the default value changes).

### On-run-start hook

The flag is `False` by default.

Set the `skip_nodes_if_on_run_start_fails` flag to `True` to skip all selected resources from running if there is a failure on an `on-run-start` hook. 

### Source definitions for state:modified

> The flags is `False` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flag is `False` by default.
```

|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------------|---------------------|-----------------|--------------------|
| require_explicit_package_overrides_for_builtin_materializations | 2024.04          | 2024.06             | 1.6.14, 1.7.14  | 1.8.0             |
| require_resource_names_without_spaces                           | 2024.05          | TBD*                | 1.8.0           | 1.9.0             |
| source_freshness_run_project_hooks                              | 2024.03          | TBD*                | 1.8.0           | 1.9.0             |
| [Redshift] [restrict_direct_pg_catalog_access](#redshift-restrict_direct_pg_catalog_access)    | 2024.09.242      | TBD*                | dbt-redshift v1.9.0           | 1.9.0             |
| skip_nodes_if_on_run_start_fails                                | 2024.10          | TBD*                | 1.9.0           | TBD*              |
| state_modified_compare_more_unrendered                          | 2024.10          | TBD*                | 1.9.0           | TBD*              |

> | state_modified_compare_vars                                     | 2024.10          | TBD*                | 1.9.0           | TBD*              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I will commit this suggestion and then add the removed Markdown table row to https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/6222 so that everything related to `state_modified_compare_vars` is in one docs PR.

| [Redshift] [restrict_direct_pg_catalog_access](#redshift-restrict_direct_pg_catalog_access)    | 2024.09          | TBD*                | dbt-redshift v1.9.0           | 1.9.0             |
| skip_nodes_if_on_run_start_fails                                | 2024.10          | TBD*                | 1.9.0           | TBD*              |
| state_modified_compare_more_unrendered                          | 2024.10          | TBD*                | 1.9.0           | TBD*              |

When the dbt Cloud Maturity is "TBD," it means we have not yet determined the exact date when these flags' default values will change. Affected users will see deprecation warnings in the meantime, and they will receive emails providing advance warning ahead of the maturity date. In the meantime, if you are seeing a deprecation warning, you can either:
- Migrate your project to support the new behavior, and then set the flag to `True` to stop seeing the warnings.
- Set the flag to `False`. You will continue to see warnings, and you will retain the legacy behavior even after the maturity date (when the default value changes).

> ### On-run-start hook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Failures in on-run-start hooks
```

The flag is `False` by default.

Set the `skip_nodes_if_on_run_start_fails` flag to `True` to skip all selected resources from running if there is a failure on an `on-run-start` hook. 

### Source definitions for state:modified

The flag is `False` by default.

> Set `state_modified_compare_more_unrendered` to `True` to start persisting `unrendered_database` and `unrendered_schema` configs during source parsing, and do comparison on unrendered values during `state:modified` checks. Setting the flag to `True` reduces false positives during `state:modified` checks when `prod` and `dev` environments have different configs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `state_modified_compare_more_unrendered` to `True` to reduce false positives during `state:modified` checks when `prod` and `dev` environments have different configs.
```

Reviewer: Or:

```suggestion
Set `state_modified_compare_more_unrendered` to `True` to reduce false positives during `state:modified` checks (especially when configs differ by target environment like `prod` vs. `dev`).

Setting the flag to `True` changes the `state:modified` comparison from using rendered values to unrendered values instead. It accomplishes this by persisting `unrendered_config` during parsing of models and `unrendered_database` and `unrendered_schema` configs during parsing of sources.
```

When the dbt Cloud Maturity is "TBD," it means we have not yet determined the exact date when these flags' default values will change. Affected users will see deprecation warnings in the meantime, and they will receive emails providing advance warning ahead of the maturity date. In the meantime, if you are seeing a deprecation warning, you can either:
- Migrate your project to support the new behavior, and then set the flag to `True` to stop seeing the warnings.
- Set the flag to `False`. You will continue to see warnings, and you will retain the legacy behavior even after the maturity date (when the default value changes).

### Failures in on-run-start hooks

The flag is `False` by default.

Set the `skip_nodes_if_on_run_start_fails` flag to `True` to skip all selected resources from running if there is a failure on an `on-run-start` hook. 

### Source definitions for state:modified

The flag is `False` by default.

Set `state_modified_compare_more_unrendered` to `True` to reduce false positives during `state:modified` checks (especially when configs differ by target environment like `prod` vs. `dev`).

> Setting the flag to `True` changes the `state:modified` comparison from using rendered values to unrendered values instead. It accomplishes this by persisting `unrendered_config` during parsing of models and `unrendered_database` and `unrendered_schema` configs during parsing of sources.

Author: ```suggestion
Setting the flag to `True` changes the `state:modified` comparison from using rendered values to unrendered values instead. It accomplishes this by persisting `unrendered_config` during model parsing and `unrendered_database` and `unrendered_schema` configs during source parsing.
```

| require_resource_names_without_spaces                           | 2024.05.146      | TBD*                | 1.8.0           | 1.9.0             |
| source_freshness_run_project_hooks                              | 2024.03.61       | TBD*                | 1.8.0           | 1.9.0             |
| [Redshift] [restrict_direct_pg_catalog_access](#redshift-restrict_direct_pg_catalog_access)    | 2024.09.242      | TBD*                | dbt-redshift v1.9.0           | 1.9.0             |

> | skip_nodes_if_on_run_start_fails                                |                  | TBD*                | 1.9.0           | TBD*              |

Author: @jtcohen6 or @graciegoheen, what should be the value for Cloud Intro here?

| require_resource_names_without_spaces                           | 2024.05.146      | TBD*                | 1.8.0           | 1.9.0             |
| source_freshness_run_project_hooks                              | 2024.03.61       | TBD*                | 1.8.0           | 1.9.0             |
| [Redshift] [restrict_direct_pg_catalog_access](#redshift-restrict_direct_pg_catalog_access)    | 2024.09.242      | TBD*                | dbt-redshift v1.9.0           | 1.9.0             |
| skip_nodes_if_on_run_start_fails                                |                  | TBD*                | 1.9.0           | TBD*              |

> | state_modified_compare_more_unrendered                          |                  | TBD*                | 1.9.0           | TBD*              |

Author: @jtcohen6 and @graciegoheen same for the state modified changes
